Add test for `impl_manifest_dump_load` (#4877)
Scille/parsec-cloud: docs/development/generate_blob.md

# Generate blob for tests

If you need to generate a blob for your test, to lock the behavior, there is the process:

- Generate what you need (expected data)
- Dump it (don't keep at the end)

> - Print it in hexadecimal format (don't keep at the end)

Author: Don't keep the `dump/print` in the code

> - Print it in hexadecimal format (don't keep at the end)

Reviewer: So `dump` and `print` isn't the same thing ?

> - Print it in hexadecimal format (don't keep at the end)

Author: Nope, `dump` is like `serialize`

> - Dump it (don't keep at the end)
> - Print it in hexadecimal format (don't keep at the end)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dump (serialize) the data and format it (the serialized data) in hexadecimal (don't commit the modification you have done)
```

WDYT ?

> - Use `hex!` macro and store the value in a variable, each row should contains `74` characters maximum

Reviewer: Why the limit on `74` ? every other tools (hexdump, xxd) that print hex data do it in a multiple of $2^n$

Author: Because @touilleMan script generated 80 characters long:
- 74 for hexadecimal per row
- 2 for quote
- 4 for the indentation due to hex!

Reviewer: In a way, I could use `64` since $64 < 74$ :smil

- Load the variable
- Test that the loaded value is the same as the expected one
- Test roundtrip (dump & load), the loaded value should be the same as the previous one

> Note: We can't assert on the dumped value, because the order is not guaranted with msgpack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: We can't assert on the dumped value, because the order is not guaranted with msgpack
```
